{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13720\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Cinch2D\
Copyright \'a9 2013 Pixel Heavy Industries LLC\

\b0 \

\b Attribution:\
This package contains Ian Qvist's free, open-source Farseer port.  License Agreement:\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf0 Farseer Physics Engine based on Box2D.XNA port:\
Copyright (c) 2010 Ian Qvist\
\
Box2D.XNA port of Box2D:\
Copyright (c) 2009 Brandon Furtwangler, Nathan Furtwangler\
\
Original source Box2D:\
Copyright (c) 2006-2009 Erin Catto http://www.box2d.org \
 \
This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied \
warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages \
arising from the use of this software. \
Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, \
including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it \
freely, subject to the following restrictions: \
1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not \
claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software \
in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be \
appreciated but is not required. \
2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be \
misrepresented as being the original software. \
3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 This package contains Robert Penner's open-source easing functions.  LIcense Agreement:
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 TERMS OF USE - EASING EQUATIONS\
Open source under the BSD License. \
Copyright 2001 Robert Penner\
All rights reserved.\
 \
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, \
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\
 \
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of \
conditions and the following disclaimer.\
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list \
of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials \
provided with the distribution.\
 \
Neither the name of the author nor the names of contributors may be used to endorse \
or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\
 \
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY \
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF\
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE\
COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,\
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE\
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED \
AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING\
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED \
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
What Cinch2D is:\
Cinch2D is essentially a very fancy billboarder: it creates rectangular polygons and textures them, then manages their position and depth, giving you a very simple interface, similar to Flash's ActionScript3 Sprite class.  The main components of Cinch2D are:\
1: The Stage class.  This is the main container for all Cinch2D stuff.  You add it to the main camera (more instructions below).\
2: The Sprite class.  Everything you see and interact with in Cinch2D will be a Sprite class instance.  It contains methods for creating objects from images and sprite sheets, handling mouse interaction, and positioning/scaling.\
3: The Library class.  Creates Sprites.\
4: The Tween class.  Just like good ol' AS3 tweens.  Lets you make much more engaging UI.\
5: The PhysicsContainer class.  Encapsulates a Farseer (Box2D) world.  Tutorial 9 has more details.\
\
Installation:\
You should see a Plugins/Cinch2D folder, if not, try importing it again.\
\
Things you absolutely must know:\
1: Never call Unity's standard Destroy method (e.g. Destroy(someCinchObjectInstance);).  This will usually crash the app.  Instead, call SomeCinchObjectInstance.Destroy().\
2: Don't use the normal Unity process of creating scripts (making a new gameObject and using AddComponent<>())  Instead, use the static methods on Sprite and Library to make new Cinch2D objects.  See tutorial 5 for more details.\
3: We had to hijack Start, Awake, Update, and LateUpdate for internal plumbing, so do this instead when dealing with Cinch2D objects:\
* Start(), Awake(): use OnAwake() instead\
* Update(): use OnEnterFrame(float time) instead\
* LateUpdate(): use OnExitFrame() instead\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 4: There are a bunch of public methods that we would've preferred to make private, but couldn't.  They start with double-underscore, aren't documented, and should not be used.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Usage:\
There are 3 main steps:\
1: Create a Stage subclass (see tutorial 1 for more details).  \
2: Add your new script to the main camera.  See tutorial 8 if you are using Cinch for 2D UI over a 3D game.\
3: Do setup stuff in your script's OnAwake() (see tutorial 1), and add Sprites to the stage (see tutorial 3) \
\
There is a lot more info in the tutorials.  Also, we're adding new tutorials and demos all the time, so check out pixelheavyindustries.com/Cinch2D/ for new stuff.}